[ECOINT-276] MongoDB Atlas: Update README, dashboard, and metadata for query shapes (#2786)
DataDog/integrations-extras: mongodb_atlas/README.md

1. Retrieve or create a Datadog [API key][1].
2. In the [Atlas portal][2], enter a Datadog API key under **Integrations** -> **Datadog Settings**.

> 3. In the Datadog Settings, enable the toggles for the metrics (database, collection, query shape) you want to view in DataDog. There is also an option to send user-provided resource tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Under **Datadog Settings**, toggle the metrics you want to monitor (database, collection, query shape). You can also choose to send user-defined resource tags.
```
